Triage 2024 08 29 (#1970)
rust-lang/rustc-perf: triage/2024-08-29.md

| Improvements ✅ <br /> (primary)   | -     | -              | 0     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (secondary) | -1.0% | [-1.0%, -1.0%] | 1     |
| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | 0.2%  | [0.2%, 0.2%]   | 1     |

* sole primary regression is to helloworld doc-full.
* marked as triaged.

Don't generate functions with the `rustc_intrinsic_must_be_overridden` attribute [#129239](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/129239) [(Comparison Link)](https://perf.rust-lang.org/compare.html?start=a971212545766fdfe0dd68e5d968133f79944a19&end=4d5b3b196284aded6ae99d12bcf149ffdc8ef379&stat=instructions:u)

| (instructions:u)                   | mean  | range          | count |
|:----------------------------------:|:-----:|:--------------:|:-----:|
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (primary)    | 0.2%  | [0.2%, 0.2%]   | 1     |
| Regressions ❌ <br /> (secondary)  | -     | -              | 0     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (primary)   | -0.3% | [-0.3%, -0.2%] | 2     |
| Improvements ✅ <br /> (secondary) | -1.3% | [-2.2%, -0.6%] | 6     |
| All ❌✅ (primary)                 | -0.1% | [-0.3%, 0.2%]  | 3     |

* sole primary regression is to html5ever opt-full

> * from inspecting the PR, its hard to imagine doing this in a better way, and Isuspect the reported regression is noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* from inspecting the PR, its hard to imagine doing this in a better way, and I suspect the reported regression is noise.
```
